---
layout: post
title:  "Tough Day and Nights"
date:   2016-02-02 14:06:05
categories: Diary
excerpt: 2016年
---

* content
{:toc}

## Last Tough Night

I have deleted all the photos while weeping.

It was a tough night. I have not steped out completely. But the tough day and nights, the tears, were steps to come out.  I need a deep rest,I need a deep breath, I need the courage to defeat the coward me inside.
I can hear my tears but can not hold. I just let them go out from me.
Anyway,I do this step by step without shortcut.I will throw all the stuff beyond the ocean.And there is a brand new start to me.
I realized that I am kind of dependet on the others. I must do somethings by myself. Friends are reliable but not responsible for my life,so do parents. I should take my duty in work,through life. 
I am a fool again.

## Take a Deep Rest

Have a Nice Vacation.

Think Over the old days and the fresh tomorrow.

Do a plan to be the reality me, Accept the dark me, the unperfect me.

Try my best to be an interesting one.Try to find a way or a solution or a approach to step forward.

## Take a Deep Breath

Take a Deep Brath, tuck away a big meal,and then exhaust fully throw up all the package to run to the next stage of my life. I will try my best to pursue the soulmate, which would hug the immaturity me.

I will discard the past me far far away.

I will still love my friend, respect my colleagues,take my job seriously;take the marrage seriously.

I am going to be a shining person from inside.

The first thing is packing.




